# CCGame
This is a simple dice game you can play against a computer agent. The agent have been thoroughly trained via Reinforcement Learning, playing numerous games agains himself, in order to learn to make the correct decision considering the complex game statistics. The agent will continue to learn (although slowly) as it plays against the user, from both his and the user's moves. 
You can play the game simply by downloading the Executable folder and running the .exe file in the folder. However, this will probably only work on a Windows OS. For other OS, You can try and running the Python file in the Code folder, although it has not been tested so I can't assure that will work.
If you wish to review the code, it is available in the Code folder. Note, however, that it was not originally meant to be published, but as part of learning Python, and therefore is a bit messy and not annotated.

# Game Rules
The players are mayors of cities facing COVID-19 and competing to keep their city the safest. The goal is to reach ten safety points or more and have the safest city. Each die roll represents citizens leaving their homes. The die roll may result in one of three options - return home after a SAFE TRIP (denoted by a house), a protected encounter where everyone was wearing MASKs (denoted by a mask), and an unprotected encounter which leads to EXPOSURE (denoted by a virus). The chance of EXPOSURE is higher depending on the proximity. Nearby trips (blue) are safer than Far trips (green) which are safer than trips Abroad (red). A turn is comprised of the following steps:
  1. Pick three dice at random from the stack and roll them by clicking the Roll button.
  2. If you have three (or more) EXPOSUREs, you have a local outbreak which ends your turn when you click the End Turn button. Otherwise, you may choose to end your turn here with the SAFE TRIPs you have collected so far by clicking the End Turn button (skipping the next steps) or continue by clicking the Roll button again.
  3. MASKs are being rerolled, to continue their trip, while the rest accumulate. Additional dice are collected from the stack to a total of three (including the MASKs) or until there are no dice in the stock. Note: If there are no MASKs and no new dice, you must end your turn by clicking the End Turn button.
  4. The (up to) three dice will be rolled and and then you will repeat steps 2-4.
Once the turn had ended, unless you had a local outbreak, add the number of dice the resulted in SAFE TRIPs to your current score. If the turn ended in a local outbreak, and you have one or more safety points, your safety points are reduced by one. Either way,  all the dice return to the stack.
If at the end of a round, i.e., the end of the second player's turn, either player has ten or more safety points, the player with the most points wins the game. In the case of a tie, the first player wins the game.
